(Episode 25)
I finally found her.
That's...
the necklace I gave to Aji 3.
Let me explain everything.
Until now,
have you been lying to me?
I feel nauseous.
Oh, no.
I'm sorry. I'll explain everything.
Please leave.
Oh, no.
No.
- Put on the oxygen mask. - Yes, sir.
- Check his pulse. - Yes, sir.
Has his blood vessels expanded?
- Give him 0.3ml of epinephrine. - Okay.
Give him fluid at full speed.
Yes, sir.
Insomnia.
Generalized seizures.
Hallucinating by mistaking a human being as a robot.
What do you think psychiatrists call this kind of condition?
They classify it as delirium tremens.
They call it a mental illness.
I already got a doctor's confirmation.
Staying as a director is not the problem.
He'll also get socially ostracized.
(A Serious Mental Illness: Mistaking a Human Being for a Robot)
(Kim Min Kyu Hid His Rare Disease and Embezzled a Large Sum of Money)
I'm not willing to go that far...
if you agree to show me some appreciation.
(Waiver)
Aji 3 never existed from the start.
You used Jo Ji A, a human being,
to fool Kim Min Kyu into thinking that it's Aji 3.
Send Aji 3 to the designated time and date...
that I'll be notifying you with.
And she'll be gone forever.
We're going to change Aji 3's face.
We'll check her first and change it afterwards.
So don't change a single thing.
(Signature: Hong Baek Gyoon)
Are you okay?
Min Kyu!
Min Kyu just woke up.
While he was unconscious, his condition kept...
going back and forth for some reason, so I was worried.
But his condition's become a lot better,
and he's able to talk to people as long as there's no physical contact.
But he still has trouble moving around,
and he needs to take some more rest.
(Written Statement)
I brought you a written statement from everyone who was...
involved with the test of Aji 3.
They all wrote down in detail about how their fraudulent test...
all started in the first place.
I want you to sue everyone.
Okay.
But if you sue them,
you might end up getting dismissed from your position.
You should read the summarized report first.
(Incident Report)
A deep learning video clip?
What's this?
Why is there a video of me?
It appears that...
Aji 3's deep learning process is to...
record a video and extract a set of similar patterns from it.
The process will stay the same even if Aji 3 becomes an actual product.
However, you can sue them for having watched the video...
without your consent.
Doctor Hong signed a document, stating that everything was a lie...
in return for getting the video clip back from Chairman Hwang.
He also agreed to hand over the real Aji 3 with no strings attached.
Has he gone mad? Why would he sign that?
They threatened him that...
they'll reveal your illness to the press if he didn't.
I see.
So are you saying he did that for me?
Do you expect me to believe that?
It's the truth.
And if you decide to sue them,
this test will become public.
And you'll end up getting dismissed...
for the same reason that CEO Hwang got dismissed.
I don't care.
I want you to sue the entire Santa Maria Research Team.
I also want you to sue that woman who pretended to be a robot.
Okay, sir.
I'll carry on with the procedure.
(Written Statement)
And this is...
my letter of resignation.
I'm currently waiting to be assigned for another position in the company.
I wrote in the letter why I decided to quit.
I'll fulfill my duties until you hire someone else.
On top of everything that's happened, are you saying...
that woman is your younger sister?
I'm...
very sorry.
Get lost.
Oh, and tell everyone that...
I want them to leave my house...
as soon as possible.
Okay, sir.
Mr. Jo.
Have some warm tea before you go.
The late Chairman Kim Myung Hoon liked this tea very much.
I offered it to Director Kim many times,
but he just doesn't seem to like it.
Thank you.
Please.
You aren't running away, are you?
What?
Long ago, the late chairman...
would say this to me whenever things got a little rough.
"It's wrong to run away when someone's suffering."
I told them not to.
They wanted to...
tell you the truth, and I stopped them.
For fear that you'd suffer, that you'd die.
That's why they couldn't tell you.
So what?
What does that have to do with me now?
[VIU Ver] E25 I'm Not a Robot "Have You Been Lying All Along?"
-= Ruo Xi =-
When...
was that?
The day of the reset.
If...
they had told you the truth then,
what do you think would've happened?
Would've the joy that Aji 3 was human...
outweighed the feeling of betrayal?
I'm sleepy. You can go.
I can be alone now.
You must eat before you sleep.
I'm not hungry.
Sleep well.
Does he...
want to see me?
What happens to us now?
Director Kim...
said the following.
"Right now,"
"without delaying for one second,"
"get out of my house."
That's it.
That's only natural.
Let's pack.
We'll take the machines and computers after we find storage.
What about Aji 3?
We'll take her. To give to Chairman Hwang later.
Where...
do we stay tonight?
- What is it? - Doctor.
What do I do now?
What can I do?
He got better because of me,
but then he got sick again.
I'll do everything you say, anything you want.
What should I do now?
What can I do...
to make him better again?
I have a feeling that the answer lies with you, not me.
You created the miracle.
If you find an answer,
that could just be the correct one.
That's what I think now.
Auntie, come eat.
I don't want to eat.
Sit down.
I really am not hungry.
I cooked for you. Eat at least a spoonful.
Auntie, it's really tasty.
I bet you'll finish it all.
Eat up. You too.
Okay, I'll eat.
Teach me how to cook.
Make them the same size. Gently and slowly.
From the top to the bottom, gently.
Identically.
Slowly.
Oh dear.
Dong Hyun, the first aid kit.
Take this off.
Oh no.
It stings.
Let me. Thank you.
Ssanip.
Thanks.
Do you have a place to stay?
Come here during the day. I have no customers anyway.
Or at night, either.
Don't.
We're looking for a studio or a warehouse with an office.
We can't go abroad once we're sued.
You'll be sued? By whom? Kim Min Kyu?
We deserve it.
The deeper the love, the deeper the wound.
I guess Min Kyu liked you people more than I thought.
Do you want someone with this illness for a son-in-law?
Leave the future of KM Financial...
to Yoo Cheol and Ri El,
and you and I can offer those two our support.
Isn't that a beautiful picture?
To do that,
you need someone to own the shares you bought under borrowed names.
I'll transfer them to Ri El.
Once they're married.
What will you do with Min Kyu?
Now that you and I are working together,
we can get rid of him whenever we need.
Of course, until then, his illness...
must be kept between us.
Yoo Cheol and Ri El...
should only see and hear the good news.
Butler Sung?
I brought some food.
You can't eat what other people cooked.
I cooked this with gloves and a mask on.
I made sure not a single hair got into it.
It's really clean.
Okay.
He's trying to get through.
I should endure it too.
Aren't we going to see a storeroom to move in?
We're at school.
I spoke with the professor.
As long as you agree,
the professor position is still available.
Go see the professor.
I made myself clear that I won't take the job.
Pai.
I know it's hard, but accept it.
My career is over now.
Santa Maria Team is finished too.
You're better as a professor.
I'll recommend Hoktal and Ssanip to other positions.
Once I send Aji 3 to Chairman Hwang,
I'll wrap things up.
We believe you, Dr. Hong.
We have many ideas that we want to develop.
We started from nothing and came this far.
We can try again.
My life was based on the belief that I could never be wrong.
However, that belief is destroyed.
I started thinking that I could be wrong.
I'm afraid...
of everything.
You improve only if you get over that.
Don't run away.
Can't you just go?
So that I'll feel better?
Shall we go?
Let's go.
Are you out of your mind?
Why do you keep coming back when I completely ignore you?
Right.
The lawsuit?
Do you think this will make me cancel the lawsuit?
It's not that.
Then why do you come here?
You're not a robot, so why would you come here?
You don't understand what you did to me, right?
Shall I show you?
What's wrong?
In case it's contagious?
Are you afraid?
It's not that at all.
You weren't afraid when you were a robot.
Are you now that you're human?
You know it's not that.
Yes, it is!
This is my response.
Get lost.
I'm sorry.
However,
I'm not scared of you at all.
No matter what you say to me...
or do, I'll be back.
Tomorrow, the day after...
I'll come back to see you every day.
(Episode 26 will air shortly.)